so I see you've all met what's this all
about them yeah man why'd you drag us
halfway around the world cuz we got a
job as a stealth mission will be in and
out before they even know you're there
we're talking about breaking into a
police station this is crazy this is a
hundred million dollars you say what I'm
down he's all this really necessary to
apprehend two rings once a former
federal officer spent five years in deep
cover the other ones a professional
criminal
escaped prison twice we find them we
take them as a team and we bring them
back and above all else we don't ever
ever let them get into cars we just went
from a middle of the most wanted list at
the very top
yucky
running now running ain't freedom you're
going down Toretto hook mistake
this just went from Mission Impossible
submission and frickin Santa
does it change a thing
chances are sooner or later we're gonna
end up behind bars are buried and it did
someone
but not today